Documentation and Examples for Join Vertex (#954)
numaproj/numaflow: docs/user-guide/reference/join-vertex.md

# Joins and Cycles

> As of Numaflow v0.10, Pipeline Edges can be defined so that multiple Vertices send to 1. This includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Numaflow v0.10, Pipeline Edges can be defined such that multiple Vertices can send to a single vertex. This includes:
```

- UDF Map Vertices
- UDF Reduce Vertices
- Sink Vertices

Please see the following examples:
- [Join on Map Vertex](https://github.com/numaproj/numaflow/blob/main/examples/11-join-on-map.yaml)
- [Join on Reduce Vertex](https://github.com/numaproj/numaflow/blob/main/examples/11-join-on-reduce.yaml)
- [Join on Sink Vertex](https://github.com/numaproj/numaflow/blob/main/examples/11-join-on-sink.yaml)

## Cycles

A special case of a "Join" is a **Cycle** (a Vertex which can send either to itself or to a previous Vertex.) An example use of this is a Map UDF which does some sort of reprocessing of data under certain conditions such as a transient error.

> Cycles are permitted, except in the case that there's a Reduce Vertex at or downstream of the cycle. (This is because a cycle inevitably produces late data, which would get dropped by the Reduce Vertex.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cycles are permitted, except in the case that there's a Reduce Vertex at or downstream of the cycle. (This is because a cycle inevitably produces late data, which would get dropped by the Reduce Vertex.). For this reason, Cycles should be used sparingly.
```
